navigator.scheduling.isInputPending (#27381)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/scheduling/index.md

---
title: Scheduling
slug: Web/API/Scheduling
page-type: web-api-interface
browser-compat: api.Scheduling
---

{{SeeCompatTable}}{{APIRef("Scheduling API")}}

> The **`scheduling`** read-only property of the {{domxref("Navigator")}} interface returns an {{domxref("Scheduling")}} object for the current document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Scheduling`** object provides methods and properties to control scheduling tasks within the current document. 
```

Author: Should I keep the last backtick? 
```
The **Scheduling`**
```

Reviewer: Sorry it should use backticks, fixed my suggestion

## Value

> An {{domxref('Scheduling')}} object.

Reviewer: We need no Value section here but rather a section listing "Instance methods" (with the only method being isInputPending). See https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Ink#instance_methods for an example

Author: Should I replace it with something like:

```
## Instance methods

- {{domxref("Scheduling.isInputPending", "isInputPending()")}} {{Experimental_Inline}}
  - : Returns a {{jsxref("Boolean")}}
```

Reviewer: Yes exactly!

Author: Done

---
title: Scheduling
slug: Web/API/Scheduling
page-type: web-api-interface
browser-compat: api.Scheduling
---

{{SeeCompatTable}}{{APIRef("Scheduling API")}}

> The **`scheduling`** read-only property of the {{domxref("Navigator")}} interface returns an {{domxref("Scheduling")}} object for the current document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`Scheduling`** object provides methods and properties to control scheduling tasks within the current document.
```
